- [Instructor] Handling data is an important part
of coding any application.
That shouldn't be a big surprise,
because as people solve problems
in their daily lives and work,
they instinctively organize data.
Most applications handle work for people.
So, an application's code often arranges data
in a similar way.
So, to help us better understand collections,
let's start by talking
about some real life examples of how we organize data.
At some point in the workplace,
you've probably used a list
to plan a small project.
In the list, you organize a group
of tasks that are needed to complete the project.
We can refer to each of the tasks in the list as an element.
Each element holds a specific position in the list relative
to the others that is designated by a number.
The list also has an order which indicates
the sequence for completing the tasks.
Now lists are a great way to organize data,
but what if your project involved a team
and you wanted to take it a step further
by capturing who's working on each task?
You might decide to build
a map that captures those assignments.
So first, the team members' names are written down.
The names serve as the key of the map
that will associate with each task.
The keys are then associated with or mapped to values,
which in this case, indicate the tasks in the project.
Each of these key value pairs forms an entry
in our map that we can use to determine
who is working on each task.
Concepts like lists and maps are two basic tools
we use almost daily to organize data when solving problems.
In computer science, these are known as data structures,
and it's very common to find them built
into programming languages.
In Java, those data structures
are found in the Java Collections Framework,
which you're going to learn a lot more about in this course.